(LOOΠΔ/yyxy is having fun while waiting for the flight!)
(And we are shooting them secretly!)
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ/yyxy - love4eva (feat. Grimes)"
(Yves doesn't find the camera yet!)
(Surprise!)
Chuu: We did shopping in the duty free shop!
Yves: I bought lips!
Go Won: But I just did some test like this!
(Meanwhile, a picture of them were uploaded on social media!)
Yves: We took this picture
Yves: before Olivia Hye said 'I will quit. I'm tired'
Yves: Actually she quitted after taking it.
Chuu: She was like 'I'm tired...'
Olivia Hye: When you take an airplane, you should do forward roll and...
Go Won: Take off your shoes~
Olivia Hye: Taking off the shoes and doing forward roll.
Oliva Hye: And shaking the shoes twice, right?
Go Won: Right. That's exactly what you have to do!
(It's your mission time, Olivia Hye!)
(She failed...)
Go Won: Spin your shoes~
(The most excited moment when going overseas :  just before taking an airplane)
Go Won: I love, love it here!
Chuu: So do I!